Question 1: So you found the error in the script, but how do we fix it? Hint: We need to do something with awk variables... Once you fix the script, run it on the vcf file and get the output. Does it look like what you would expect?

Question 2: For this question we were hoping you would try to use the chromHMM epigenetic states in `chromHMM.E116_15_coreMarks_hg38lift_stateno.chr21.bed` to define your bed regions. You can find a description of what each state indicates on the page that we linked in the assignment [here](https://egg2.wustl.edu/roadmap/web_portal/chr_state_learning.html#core_15state). Your goal is to create a awk command that will subset that bed file to only the regions belonging to the state (or states) you decided are indicative of a promoter region. Once you have that subset bed file (representing likely promoter regions), your goal is to use bedtools intersect to find the variants from `random_snippet.vcf` that fall within the promoter regions. If you're having trouble with this, definitely ask for help from a TA/instructor or another student.

Question 3: The `$1` outside the `awk` command is actually refering to the the bash variable `$1`, which should be the first argument you pass the script (So `$1` in bash is equivalent to `sys.argv[1]` in python). So the full command: `awk '/^#/{next} {print $1,$2-1, $2}' $1 > variants.bed` is telling `awk` to run `/^#/{next} {print $1,$2-1, $2}` on `$1`. In regards to what the awk command is doing, you're totally right that it's printing column 1, then some operation on column2, then column 2. But it's not subtracting col1 from col2, it's subtracting 1 from col2 (if we wanted to subtract col1 from col2, we would do `$2-$1`. So, with that in mind, give this another shot, and definitely ask if you need help!

Good start!
